Now we are done.
Now our JavaScript synchronous code
finished running finished executing.
We are now in the land of user action.
Our system is fully set, locked and
loaded to receive user action.
And the first thing they
do is click on the cell.
So one, they're going to click
not the cell, click on the input.
Okay, yeah.
We're using pink now for user actions.
They click on the input that is going to.
Send an event to the DOM to say,
please now trigger
the handle click function
being added to our callback
queue in JavaScript.
Where am I going to put that so
that we have enough space here?
Well, that's a bit of a shame.
We're a bit out of space here.
I really thought,
could we put it down here maybe?
I don't know.
Not ideal, but
we'll put it down here for now.
So we had a call stack.
This is a strange place to put it,
but not the end of the world.
There's our call stack and
then here's our call back queue,
which is going to be our
queue of functions here.
That are, sorry, waiting to be run
in JavaScript on the call stack.
They're gonna have to have prints added on
our behalf by JavaScript not by us, okay.
So user action handle click is going to be
added to the callback queue, there it is.
Handle click is added to the callback
queue, the event loop checks.
Is there anything still being
executed in JavaScript?
Well, no, the answer's not.
Let's say this is, I dunno, let's say this
is at one minute, something like that.
Is there any code still running here?
No, you bet there is not.
At one minute there is no
code still running here.
And so, we are going to have our handle
click function added by our event loop
that checks is there any code
running to our stack of functions,
list of functions roughly list,
that are gonna execute.
So, on it goes,
handle click I got that right
yeah handle click,
shall we use pink for now?
Don't we have any other colors?
Orange I guess, it's orange for
JavaScript action, there it is.
And you know what's about to come, people.
I'm not going to overdo it.
All right, we're going to execute handle
click which is going to therefore,
with the help of JavaScript,
open a brand new what, everybody?
>> Execution context.
>> Beautiful.
Beautiful.
Hopefully our online community are all
shouting execution contest as well.
And this is a pretty minimal one.
JS input because remember,
our user's action
triggers a function to be
passed back to JavaScript,
to be called back into
JavaScript to be run.
And that is gonna happen at the exact
moment that the user starts inputting, or
starts clicking, clicks, sorry.
And so, we know when this runs that
we can make changes to what the user
sees based on the user's action.
But I've gotta follow that through.
So the user type, these are clicks.
I'm purposely finding
this difficult I promise.
The user clicks and that's going to change
the input default text because we want.
When it's currently got text in
it to remove that text, okay.
That is called, what I just did there,
that scene was called a reason was
reasoning about state and view.
Reasoning about the data and what
the user sees based on user interaction.
The user is changing what they see.
And I guess implicitly
changing the data via us.
Well, we're not really tracking
the data in JavaScript there, are we?
We're taking a string
literal in line five and
I guess a pending
displaying that WhatsApp.
And then we're doing that again
here with an empty string, but
that's us reasoning about how
things the user sees will change.
So with that in mind, JSInput,
value is equal to empty string.
Who would like to give
a shot at verbalizing that?
Ian, can you give me a shot
at verbalizing that in
terms of our input
element on the DOM here?
>> So when we,
that is in handle click line 12, right?
>> Yeah, handle click,
we're in handle click, exactly right.
>> So JS input is gonna be
our accessor object for
that input that we queried earlier.
>> Perfect.
>> And we're accessing the setter for
value.
>> Yep, perfect.
>> And we're signing into
an empty string literal.
Rule.
>> Beautiful.
And there it is.
>> And
that's the way to go over to the DOM and
C++ land.
And because it's an accessor object,
it's gonna happen over there,
>> Yes, exactly set the value to
an empty string, which is then going to do
what are the actual pixels on the page?
>> We will end up with not
pixels where they used to be.
>> Yes, exactly.
No pixels where there were pixels.
Beautiful and
that is our handle click finished.